Improve block-based deployment concept page metadata and admonitions (#10970)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/concepts/storage.md

    - Google Cloud Storage
    - SMB
search:
  boost: .5
---

# Storage

!!! warning "Storage blocks are not recommended"

>     Storage blocks are part of the block-based deployment model. Using `serve` or `runner`-based Python creation methods or the `prefect deploy` via the CLI are the recommended options for creating a deployment. 

Reviewer: part of the "legacy" blocked-based

>     Storage blocks are part of the block-based deployment model. Using `serve` or `runner`-based Python creation methods or the `prefect deploy` via the CLI are the recommended options for creating a deployment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Storage blocks are part of the legacy block-based deployment model. Instead, using `serve` or `runner`-based Python creation methods or the `prefect deploy` via the CLI are the recommended options for creating a deployment. 
```

>     Flow code storage is specified in the Python file with `serve` or `runner`-based Python creation methods or specified in the interactive `prefect deploy` CLI experience or in the resulting `prefect.yaml` file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Flow code storage can be specified in the Python file with `serve` or `runner`-based Python creation methods; alternatively, with the work pools and workers style of flow deployment, you can specify flow code storage during the interactive `prefect deploy` CLI experience and in its resulting `prefect.yaml` file. 
```

"in the Python file" just sounds strange to me for some reason

> Storage lets you configure how flow code for deployments is persisted and retrieved by [Prefect workers](/concepts/work-pools) or less ideally [agents](/concepts/agents). Anytime you build a block-based deployment, a storage block is used to upload the entire directory containing your workflow code (along with supporting files) to its configured location.  This helps ensure portability of your relative imports, configuration files, and more.  Note that your environment dependencies (for example, external Python packages) still need to be managed separately.

Reviewer: maybe call agents "legacy" instead of "less ideal" unless you want to explain why
